(CHOREOGRAFER) Five, six, seven,
eight!
Turn! Turn! Right! Right! Kick!
Kick! Three, four!
Touch. Kick!
Change. Kick! Turn right.
Left! Right! Touch. Kick!
Okay! Step! Step! Three! Four!
Kick!
(AKANE) Vocals!
[singing a chord]
Stop! Stop! Stop!
[surprised]
Seiya! Do that part over again!
Why just me? What are you
claiming I didn't do properly
this time?
All of it!
[aggravated]
(USAGI) Fighter's Secret
Identity: The Shocking Super
Transformation.
My dearest Mamo... I'm writing
to tell you that I'm currently
facing my greatest crisis ever.
[overwhelmed anxious]
[frustrated]
Hm?
It sounds like he's kinda
struggling, too.
[grunting]
You don't have the amount of
talent it takes to be the lead
of this musical, so it seems
I'll have to push you twice as
hard as everyone else.
You've gotta be kidding!
Now... Do it again!
[upset react]
[grunt]
Aghhh!
[speechless]
[chuckle]
[chattering]
Guess we'll be taking that
makeup text together, won't we?
If we bomb that, too, there's
always remedial study!
You read my mind... We're like
soul mates!
In this together until the very
end!
Come on, you guys... This is
serious.
You do know they can hold you
back a year in high school?
Wait, are you serious?!
Well, it'd mean you'd get to
coast for a year, so maybe it's
not so bad...
That's not funny...
(KO) It's like you don't care
about my problems at all!
[confused]
I don't even know if I can
consider you guys friends
anymore!
[gasp]
Sounds like you have to retake
the test, too, huh Seiya?
Mind your own business.
[chuckle] Ignore him. He's all
touchy 'cause he's not doing so
well in our musical rehearsal.
Musical?!
Wow, that's really cool. Why're
we excited?
Are you for real, Usagi?!
They sing! They dance! And on
top of that, they have to act
their hearts out!
Basically, it's like memorizing
vocabulary, historical
timelines, and math equations
all at once!
It's cool! A superhuman feat!
Memorization isn't that big of a
deal. Anybody can do it.
(USAGI) Well, maybe you should
have spent more time memorizing
your math formulas.
(MAKOTO) 16 percent....?
[shocked]
What the hell, guys! How'd you
get my answer sheet?!
(MINAKO) Yikes... that score is
definitely too low...
(USAGI) Yeah, and they can hold
you back for having low grades
like that...
I'm telling you, it's only
because of this stupid musical
we're rehearsing for!
You know... if he also does
poorly on the makeup test,
then...
No denying it, he'll be held
back.
In that case... The only answer
is to hold a study session!
(USAGI) Rei?
(MAKOTO) When did you get here?
[haughty laugh] The girls and I
used to do study sessions
regularly at my place to prepare
for our high school entrance
exams.
Oh! All of us worked extremely
hard! By supporting each other,
we managed to get into a good
school in the end!
Except you didn't have to take
an entrance exam!
[grunts]
Ahhh!
Ahhh!!!
[haughty laughter] You're
actually in luck, because it
just so happens we'd planned to
hold one of those study sessions
later today!
You're all welcome to join if
you want. We have plenty of room
for three more...
Uh... Sorry, we're
already scheduled for a
rehearsal for the rest of the
night...
Uhhhh...
Hey! I wanna watch you guys
rehearse! [giggle]
Ooo! Me, too!
W-wait a sec! Get back here!
Watching them does sound like a
lotta fun...
[shocked)]You traitor...
Uh, Rei? This isn't a good
look for you. Bye!
How could you guys do this to
me?!
[speechless]
[frustrated]
Oh, um... Would you like to use
my study guide, Rei?
[grunting] I came up...
Okay. Well, I'm going to go
watch them rehearse, then. See
you later!
(CHOREOGRAPHER) One, two, three,
four...
Five, six! Turn! Turn! Right!
Right!
Left! Change! Kick! Turn!
[in awe]
Wow. Now that I'm actually
seeing him, he is a pretty good
dancer...
Isn't he?!
[in awe]
Now... Seiya only, from the top!
[grunt] Seriously?! What could
I have possibly done wrong this
time?!
I told you. Everything!
[gritting teeth]
[grunt] I still don't know
what you even mean by that! So,
be more specific!
Like I said, it's all wrong.
Your singing, your dancing,
and your acting.
[frustrated]
Must be easy being the stage
director. You can just stand
around saying things are wrong.
You're not capable of getting it
through your head, so what
else am I supposed to say?
I already made it clear from the
beginning as to the level of
acting, singing, and dancing I
expect from you all. You really
shouldn't need me to explain
things you're obviously doing
wrong. This isn't amateur hour,
Seiya.
I assumed I hired a pro. Guess
not.
[insulted]
[Holding back anger]
Yikes! That was harsh...
[grunt]
Dammit!
What is her deal anyway?
Oh, you mean Akane?
She's the stage director for our
upcoming musical.
Seems like she really likes one
of us. Right, Seiya?
[grunt] Likes me?
I'm being bullied here!
She nitpicks about every little
thing I do! It's like she's
out to get me!
[sigh] I know what you mean.
Some people you can't get along
with no matter how hard you try.
She's right!
There's this scatterbrained girl
I know... and she's a huo-~ge
crybaby to the point where I
just can't stand her!
Who could you possibly be
talking about, Rei?
Oh, yeah, I wonder who it could
be? [chuckle]
(USAGI) You know, Rei, there's
something that I've been meaning
to tell you for quite some time
now!
(REI) What a coincidence...
(awkward chuckle) Well... They
do say arguing is a sign of a
healthy friendship...
That's not true!
[grunt] She hates me... I
know she does!
[speechless]
I think you've rested long
enough!
Huh?
Hurry up and get back in!
See what I mean?
The rest of you, listen up...
Are you talking... to us?
Who else? You girls are a
distraction, so please leave.
What were you three thinking,
bringing these girls to our
rehearsal? They don't belong
here.
Why does she look so
familiar...?
Now, Seiya... I really hope that
you and the others didn't chose
to become idols solely to be
fawned over by the girls. If so,
you're more hopeless than I
thought.
What was that?!
Sister... Angela?!
Rei Hino...?
(KO) Sister...
...Angela?
(CHUKO) Hm... "The Three Lights
slated to star in their first
musical. The idol group will be
directed by Akane Gushiken."
"Gushiken is one of today's most
prolific stage directors. But,
her background is veiled in
secrecy. There are few who know
who she really is or where she
came from."
A mysterious stage director,
huh? Oh my, how very
interesting...
She sounds straight-laced, but I
can tell she really shines!
Huh?
[fumbling for phone]
Hello? Nezu speaking.
Yes. There was already someone I
had in mind.
I was about to leave to get the
interview. After that, I'll be
heading home for the day. Hope
you don't mind.
This goes in here... and, time
to go.
(FEMALE STUDENT A) Have a good
day, Sister Angela.
FEMALE STUDENT B) We'll be
heading out now.
Goodbye, ladies. See you soon.
Wow... so it was true, then!
Who would have thought that a
nun at Rei's school would end up
being a director for musicals!
The news reporters would have a
field day with this info! No
wonder she's keeping her
identity a huge secret.
(KO) Hey, Akane.
Huh?
How can you be working as a nun
and a stage director?
There are many things in life I
want to partake in. I don't want
to settle on just one dream and
give up everything else. It
feels far too limiting.
Oh, really? Isn't that called
having a half-hearted mindset?
No, because I'm committed to
always give everything I have. I
believe you're the one who's
being half-hearted.
[shocked]
Listen, I'm giving this musical
everything I've got, okay?
Are you really, though?
[gritting teeth]
(AKANE) I went to see a Three
Lights concert before casting
you in my musical.
(KO) Thanks, I guess.
While I watched you three on
stage... it was obvious to me
that you were trying to send out
a message as you sang from the
bottom of your hearts.
(KO) That's right.
We always sing at the very top
of our lungs when we perform at
our shows.
It's all for that one special
person.
(AKANE) You, Taiki, and Yaten
were so dazzling during the
entire concert.
Well, now...
It seems like you do have an eye
for talent.
Of course I do! I'm an
accomplished director, remember?
Yet, somehow... As an actor, you
appear to be totally inept.
There's no fire in you.
Huh?!
Do you understand how
frustrating it is? Why is there
such a difference in your
performance?
Are you automatically assuming
my musical can't get your
message across and isn't worth
your time or energy?!
[gasp]
Anyway...Until you show me that
same radiance, don't expect me
to go any easier on you.
Akane.
Won't you get in trouble if the
school finds out?
[chuckle] It won't be as much
trouble as you'll be in if you
fail your makeup test bye now.
Wha-?
[Chuckle]
Hey!
Yes?
You know. I still don't think I
really like you all that much.
Believe me, I'm perfectly fine
with that.
It makes it easier to push you
even harder! [Chuckle]
Uh-oh...Looks like things got
way worse... [flustered]
[observing]
No matter how hard I try, I
don't get it!
Get what?
The director likes to push you
around and insult you during
rehearsals... So, why would you
wanna keep practicing with her?
If I back down now, that means I
lose, right?
You like being...bullied?
[chuckle] Unfortunately, you
wouldn't understand.
What do you mean?
I have to give everything I've
got...
For her sake and mine.
What was that?
Hm?
Hey, Bun-head... So, do you have
a boyfriend?
[confused] Yeah, I do. He's
studying overseas right now.
[chuckle] Well, seems like
I still have a chance then.
Hm?
See ya later!
Uh... wait a minute, Seiya!
The makeup test is tomorrow!
Yeah, I know!
What's with him? He's so
weird...
(KO) I thought you said you were
going to start pushing me
harder.
[waking up efforts]
Excuse me? Don't you have a
makeup test to study for?
I'm not fully satisfied unless
I'm putting my all into
everything.
[chuckle] Your acting
better be amazing or I'll
recast. Got it?
Be my guest. If you're actually
able to find someone who can
outshine me, that is.
[Laughing]
(AKANE) One! Two!
Now we're talking...!
Nothing to worry about, I
guess...
(REI) Wrong! You should be
very worried, Usagi!
[surprised]
What are you going to do if you
end up bombing the makeup test
and get held back because of
it?!
Why are you here...?
Stop concerning yourself with
others! You need to go straight
home and focus on your studies,
missy!
[struggle]
(REI) Don't worry, I'll be more
than happy to watch Seiya for
you!
(USAGI) It's always about you,
isn't it Rei?!
Oh my, look at the time... I'm
thinking we should probably call
it a night.
No! Not yet!
[chuckle]
He sure is a stubborn one...
(CHUZO) Oh, wow! You're somehow
way more dazzling than I thought
you'd be!
Hm?
Isn't my intuition just
absolutely flawless?!
I'm sorry... Are you a fan of
the Three Lights?
Huh? Oh! Allow me to introduce
myself!
My name's Nezu. I work as a
producer over at Ginga TV.
I was really hoping I'd be able
to interview you to find out
just what it is that makes you
shine so brightly!
[disapproving] I'm sorry, but
no. I don't want my face being
shown on TV.
Besides, I would much rather
people experience my musical and
interpret my message through all
the performances they see on
stage.
I've said everything I had to
say, so I'd appreciate if you
left now.
[stunned] So, you are
straight-laced... I was hoping I
was wrong about that.
Chuu!
[gasp]
[scream]
Now... Why don't you show me
that Star Seed of yours? I'd
really like to see it...
Akane!
Stay out of this!
Whoa!
Seiya!
Hand it over!
[scream]
No, Akane!
Ahhh!
(KO) Leave her alone!
[passing out]
[trembling]
Ooo! What a lovely Star Seed you
have!
Oh no... Was I really wrong
again?
[speechless]
Sailor Director!
How could you...?
You really shouldn't look so
angry, y'know? It's an awful
look for your otherwise handsome
face.
Alright, Sailor Director... I
leave it to you!
[chuckle]
Roll camera! Aaand... slate!
[grunt]
No, no, no! Cut! Cut!
What do I do...?
[chuckle]
Is destroying her my only
option?
Aaand... action!
Fighter Star Power... Make Up!
Huh?!
The wandering shooting star that
cuts through darkness... I am
Sailor Star Fighter!
Stage on!
Ooo! Very good! Now, roll
camera!
It's the only way... At least
until I find the person I'm
looking for!
Star... Serious... Laser!
No, no... cut!
[grunt]
Please, forgive me...
(USAGI) Hold it right there!
Huh?!
(REI) We don't know what it is
that you have against her, but
that Phage used to be human at
one point!
We can't let you attack her
without reason!
Shut your mouth!
[gasps]
Not one of you knows anything
about us! The pain we've had to
endure... The utter sorrow... of
having to abandon home just so
we could survive!
What are you talking about?
That's why... we have no choice
but to fight this way!
Stop it!
[gasp]
Don't you dare move!
If you insist on hurting that
Phage...
I'm afraid you'll have to go
through me first!
Why do you care...?
Now's your chance, Sailor Moon!
Mm.
Starlight Honeymoon Therapy
Kiss!
Looks like that's a wrap!
Beautiful...!
[relieved sigh]
(KO) Sailor Moon, huh?
Perhaps what we've needed all
this time... is this girl's
radiance.
(USAGI) Wait! Will we see you
again soon?
I pray it doesn't turn out that
you're our enemy, Sailor Moon.
(USAGI & MINAKO) What?!
How did you get a 98 percent?!
When did you even find time to
study?!
I always manage to get things
done!
And the same goes for the
musical we've all been working
on, so be sure to come check it
out!
[awed]
He pulled off balancing both of
them...? He's unreal...
I have to keep giving everything
I've got. I won't stop. Not
until the day our message
reaches her. That's a promise.
(USAGI) Taiki's amazing! He
managed to tie with Ami for the
top grade!
(AMI) Hopefully that'll inspire
you to study harder, Usagi...
(USAGI) Yeah! I'm gonna ask
Taiki if he'll tutor me!
(AMI) No, Usagi! You need to
learn how to study on your own.
Besides, Taiki seems pretty
busy...
(USAGI) Ami... you aren't
jealous, are you?
Next time on Sailor Stars, "A
Star of Dreams and Wishes:
Taiki's Transformation."
The moonlight is a messenger of
love.